com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/SampleNotesUploadBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.SampleNotesUploadBinding
com/example/the_project/AssignmentTeacherActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.AssignmentTeacherActivity
com/example/the_project/model/NotesDetails.java
 com.example.the_project.model.NotesDetails
com/example/the_project/NotesActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.NotesActivity
com/example/the_project/HomeTeacherActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.HomeTeacherActivity
com/example/the_project/databinding/SampleQuizObjectBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.SampleQuizObjectBinding
com/example/the_project/model/QuizObject.java
 com.example.the_project.model.QuizObject
com/example/the_project/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.the_project.BuildConfig
com/example/the_project/ChattingTeacherActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.ChattingTeacherActivity
com/example/the_project/QuizActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.QuizActivity
com/example/the_project/adapter/NotesUploadAdapter.java
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesUploadAdapter
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesUploadAdapter$1
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesUploadAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/the_project/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.HomeActivity
com/example/the_project/NoticeActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.NoticeActivity
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityChattingBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityChattingBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/the_project/PerformanceActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.PerformanceActivity
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityAssignmentBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityAssignmentBinding
com/example/the_project/adapter/NotesTeacherAdapter.java
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesTeacherAdapter
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesTeacherAdapter$1
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesTeacherAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/the_project/model/User.java
 com.example.the_project.model.User
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityNotesBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityNotesBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityPerformanceTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityPerformanceTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityNoticeTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityNoticeTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/SettingActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.SettingActivity
 com.example.the_project.SettingActivity$1
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityNoticeBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityNoticeBinding
com/example/the_project/PerformanceTeacherActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.PerformanceTeacherActivity
com/example/the_project/QuizTeacherActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.QuizTeacherActivity
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityPerformanceBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityPerformanceBinding
com/example/the_project/NoticeTeacherActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.NoticeTeacherActivity
com/example/the_project/adapter/NotesAdapter.java
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesAdapter
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesAdapter$1
 com.example.the_project.adapter.NotesAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityNotesTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityNotesTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/SampleNotesRowBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.SampleNotesRowBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityQuizTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityQuizTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityChattingTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityChattingTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityHomeTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityHomeTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityQuizBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityQuizBinding
com/example/the_project/MainActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.MainActivity
 com.example.the_project.MainActivity$1
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityNotesUploadBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityNotesUploadBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivityAssignmentTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivityAssignmentTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.LoginActivity
 com.example.the_project.LoginActivity$1
com/example/the_project/NotesTeacherActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.NotesTeacherActivity
 com.example.the_project.NotesTeacherActivity$1
com/example/the_project/adapter/QuizAdapter.java
 com.example.the_project.adapter.QuizAdapter
 com.example.the_project.adapter.QuizAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/the_project/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.RegisterActivity
com/example/the_project/AssignmentActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.AssignmentActivity
com/example/the_project/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
com/example/the_project/databinding/SampleNotesTeacherBinding.java
 com.example.the_project.databinding.SampleNotesTeacherBinding
com/example/the_project/NotesUploadActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.NotesUploadActivity
 com.example.the_project.NotesUploadActivity$1
 com.example.the_project.NotesUploadActivity$2
 com.example.the_project.NotesUploadActivity$3
 com.example.the_project.NotesUploadActivity$3$1
com/example/the_project/model/Quiz.java
 com.example.the_project.model.Quiz
com/example/the_project/ChattingActivity.java
 com.example.the_project.ChattingActivity
